Merge Discord servers into one article (#11929)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Community/Discord_servers/en.md

---
tags:
  - development
  - osu!dev
---

> 

Reviewer: I see they were on the previous article but I don't think either of these should be trying to overtake searches for what are generic words for "developer". you'll find this article just fine based on its title and content. so probs remove (github won't let me write a proper suggestion for this for some reason)

Author: Originally the Index didn't have them. Added as this was also technically a replacement for the osu! Discord article. If they are not necessary though given users can search for page content, we'll remove them.

# Discord servers

> As the community grows and expands, several [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers have been made and maintained by the community to specialise in the game's many different facets.
> 
> Each server provides a space with a specific purpose in mind, where players get together to discuss and work on various different projects. This index aims to serve as an index where users can find a subcommunity they can best fit in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article lists various [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers that have been created and maintained by the osu! community to host discussion spaces about the game's many different facets. Some are focused on the management of specific projects, while others are more general, but most of them include casual chat channels regardless.
```
maybe? the main thing I'm trying to do is make the first sentence introduce the article itself. rest is just rewording or what I would include here. I also removed the "aim" part at the end cuz i dont think this really needs to say a reason for why it's here and that may not necessarily be how the reader is using it

Author: Straighter to the point.

> ## osu! Development server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Official osu! server
```
it's not called "osu! Development" anywhere, also maybe add "Official" like this so its extrasuperobvious idk

> The **osu! Development** server — also known as **osu!dev** or just **osu!** — is the game's official Discord server. It is meant to be the main place to view and discuss osu!'s ongoing developments, a place to contribute to the codebase, and a place where a plethora of community projects are organised in!

Reviewer: why is there a description both here and in the table

the one in the table is written better imo. but it should be moved up here probably

Author: As a solo-element on a table without description it looks kind of weird. See the latest commit once that goes up.

Resolving this, but a solution on how could this be formatted would be appreciated. Maybe not having the description as a header and having it on the table itself would help?

**This is the only server officially affiliated with the game.** To keep up with osu!'s active development, it is strongly suggested to join the server.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [osu!](https://discord.gg/ppy) | [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | The **osu!** Discord server, previously known as **osu!dev**, is osu!'s official Discord server for development-related purposes. The server functions as a hub for people to discuss and work on osu!'s open source and community projects. This is the main place to contribute to osu!'s development and get in touch with the [osu! team](/wiki/People/osu!_team). |

Reviewer: let's put country flags on the owners then cuz that normally happens throughout the wiki

## Gameplay

These servers are focused on giving users a place to discuss osu!'s main attraction — the gameplay! They serve as hubs for players to interact with their daily gaming ventures in osu!.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [osu! Game](https://discord.gg/osu) | [oink](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/300173) | **osu! Game** is currently the biggest community driven, multi mode Discord server. By hosting events and encouraging interactions between their users, it's a good place to discuss all things related to gameplay. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [osu! Game](https://discord.gg/osu) | [oink](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/300173) | **osu! Game** is currently the largest community-driven, multi-mode Discord server. It hosts regular events among its members and includes general chat channels for the game's most popular activities. |
```

| [osu! University](https://discord.gg/QubdHdnBVg) | [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207) | **osu! University** is a community Discord server with a focus on discussion about improvement, mainly in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode. It regularly hosts various events such as top player interviews, [tournaments](/wiki/Tournaments), and improvement-related studies. |
| [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/osumedalhunters) | [MegaMix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711) | **osu! Medal Hunters** hosts discussion about [medals](/wiki/Medals) and [medal solutions](/wiki/Medals/Unlock_requirements). |

> | [osu!alternative](https://discord.gg/VZWRZZXcW4) | [billie eilish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6245906) | **osu!alternative** offers extra metrics and score trackers not provided by the website. It allows players to rank players and scores in an unofficial manner. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [osu!alternative](https://discord.gg/VZWRZZXcW4) | [billie eilish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6245906) | **osu!alternative** offers extra metrics and score trackers not provided by the osu! website. It allows players to rank each other and their scores in an unofficial manner. |
```

## Community development

> These servers focus on providing and developing tools and systems for the game. While the official development of osu! is done in the **osu!** Discord server, certain projects require their own workspaces before proposing and merging their work in game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These servers focus on providing and developing tools and systems for the game. While the official development of osu! is done in the [**osu!** Discord server](#official-osu!-server), some projects make use of their own work spaces before proposing and merging their work in game.
```
(fix this link if it ends up not being accurate)

Author: Fixing and applying.
```suggestion
These servers focus on providing and developing tools and systems for the game. While the official development of osu! is done in the [**osu!** Discord server](#osu!-development-server), some projects make use of their own work spaces before proposing and merging their work in game.
```

| Name | Owner |
| :-- | :-- |
| [Performance Points](https://discord.gg/aqPCnXu) | - |
| [osu!catch dev server](https://discord.gg/YEJBENvFzN) | [bastoo0](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4864877) |
| [o!m SR/PP Rework Hub](https://discord.gg/GFCNNg8bwk) | [Quenlla](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4725379) |

## Mapping and modding

> The **Modding & Mapping Hubs** are community Discord servers designed for all current and aspiring mappers and modders. These are places meant to interact between other users interested in mapping for the game mode. They offer a place to organize, discuss, and advertise different mapping projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Modding & Mapping Hubs** are community Discord servers designed for all current and aspiring mappers and modders. These are places meant to interact between other users interested in mapping for the game mode. They offer a place to organise, discuss, and advertise different mapping projects.
```

| Name | Owner |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!taiko Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/yRjvvyZ) | [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) |

> | [osu!catch Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/ZuxFc4q) | [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) |
> | [osu!mania Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/FqbDdYN) | [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) |

Reviewer 2: no, idk why either

```suggestion
| [osu!catch Modding and Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/ZuxFc4q) | [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) |
| [osu!mania Mapping & Modding Hub](https://discord.gg/FqbDdYN) | [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) |
```

> ### Other

Reviewer: this is mb for the suggestion earlier, i didnt realise how this section would end up being formatted. this header is unnecessary but everything else is good

Besides the game mode hubs, other community servers exist to facilitate communication between mappers, modders, and other users alike.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [Mapset Management Server](https://discord.gg/TCDSjhb6yS) | [Kyuunex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9236044) | The **Mapset Management Server** hosts spaces to create and browse requests for [mods](/wiki/Modding), [guest difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty), and [collaborations](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_collaborations) in a casual environment. |
| [Cozy Mappers' Café](https://discord.gg/uDjwjaZ) | [Teky](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10520912) | **Cozy Mappers' Café** aims to be a laid back community, where users can discuss all things mapping and modding related. |

## Tournaments and contests

> These servers aim to provide users everything related to [tournaments](/wiki/Tournaments) and [contests](/wiki/Contests). By providing users with regular notices on upcoming tournaments, users can stay tuned with the latest tournaments they can be a part of. Both players and staff members can benefit from the resources provided by these servers.

Reviewer: probably dont mention contests cuz theres nothing abt that here

Author: Not yet. Was planning ahead in advance. Though if we want to stick with what we have now, it can be removed.

In the case contest-specific servers were added though, they should go together imo.

Reviewer: i agree w/ the last part but yeah for now there are no contests so i dont think there's any reason to mention it

| Name | Owner |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu! Tournament Hub](https://discord.gg/bvhajDC) | [Sikey](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/343057) |
| [osu!mania Tourney Central](https://discord.gg/WnMcrUnGV5) | [-mint-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576) |

## Project Loved

> [Project Loved](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) organizes its workflows in different servers, divided by the [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) which they specialise in. These servers aim to facilitate the discussion of prospective picks for each mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Project Loved](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) organises its workflows in different servers, divided by the [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) which they specialise in. These servers aim to facilitate the discussion of prospective picks for each mode.
```

## Skinning

These servers aim to provide safe places for skinners, no matter if they are design experts or brand-new to skinning. Users can expect to find multiple [skinning](/wiki/Skinning) resources, as well as receiving help from other users interested in the matter.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [skinship](https://discord.skinship.xyz/) | [RockRoller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8388854) | **skinship** is a place to discuss anything involving skinning, while also hosting projects such as [Skinning Contests](/wiki/Contests/Skinning_Contest) and the [Completed Skins Compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/). Users can manage their skinning affairs by reaching out the [skinship bot account](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32231941). |

## Storyboarding

These servers aim to provide users with resources to help them in their [storyboarding](/wiki/Storyboard) affairs. They are good starting points for beginners who will have an easier time easing themselves in the world of storyboarding while getting help from experienced users.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [osu! storyboarder banquet](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW) | [Sidetail](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2036217) | The **osu! storyboarder banquet** serves as a place all about storyboarding. With the help of their [website](https://osb.moe/), this server aims to provide users with multiple learning resources and a regular showcase of community-made storyboards. |

Reviewer: might want to confirm if this website is good reference cuz the content is kind of old

Author: Will ask the owner. Waiting for a response.

## Miscellaneous

> These are servers that do not fit in any specific category. While they may not have a defined category, they still serve a purpose in the community. Either by maintaining community tools, serving multiple purposes at the same time, or simply not focusing on any of the above categories.

Reviewer: description for "Miscellaneous" is unnecessary imo

Author: I'll keep the first sentence maybe, just to be brief. Or would that look weird under a header?

Reviewer: I think all of this is basically just a longer way to say what "miscellaneous" means. the heading is descriptive enough, imo. If you really want to keep it though, first sentence alone is ok

Author: Trying that then. If in the preview it looks weird, we can easily remove it then.

Author: (Weird, removed)

[Project Loved](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved/) organizes its workflows in different servers, divided by the ruleset which they specialize in. Moreover, the official osu! Discord server provides the `#osu-loved` for the community to discuss about the project as a whole.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | --- |
| [osu! Project Loved](https://discord.gg/gn58Uk5sTE) | - | - |
| [osu!catch Project Loved](https://discord.gg/phgtyS4UCh) | - | - |
| [osu!mania Loved Community](https://discord.gg/Ededv7m) | - | - |
| [Project Loved: Taiko](https://discord.gg/GhfjtZ6) | - | - |

## Gameplay

These servers are focused on giving users a place to discuss osu!'s main attraction — the gameplay! They serve as hubs for players to interact with their daily gaming ventures in osu!.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | --- |
| [osu! University](https://discord.gg/QubdHdnBVg ) | - | - |

> | [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/osumedalhunters) | - | - |

Reviewer 3: This is NOT the correct link at all, also, please use this if we are getting rid of `vanity url + alternative link`
```suggestion
| [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/8qpNTs6) | - | - |
```

Author: These were all the links present in https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues/6904. Suffice to say, it needs to be double checked.

Reviewer 3: > These were all the links present in #6904. Suffice to say, it needs to be double checked.

I'd rather check actual existing articles instead of it tbh, because they are the ones with up-to-date info, but maybe that's just me

Author: > This is a WIP proposal. It is not even close to ready to be merged.

Refer to this. This needs to go through the different server's owners at some point so they have an agency on the description. That will be done once the core idea of the proposal is accepted.

Link has been changed.

---
tags:
  - development
  - osu!dev
---

# Discord servers

As the community grows and expands, several [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers have been made and maintained by the community to specialize in the game's many different facets.

Each server provides a space with a specific purpose in mind, where players get together to discuss and work on various different projects. This index aims to serve as an index where users can find a subcommunity they can best fit in.

> ## Community

Author: Hmm. The main server could either very well be put under the "Development" category, or have its own category as the official server. Would sort of replace the current individual article to make it stand out.

As for Aiess, unsure what the best place would be. It offers many multiple feeds.

Finally Project Loved can just go under mapping. Reworking these after applying everything else.

> ## Community

Author: osu!dev will have its own place. Aiess will go to a newly created segment: Misc. Project Loved will have its own category for now. Arguably could be a subcategory of Mapping/Modding.

These are servers made by the community, for the community. They do not have a specific purpose. However, they serve as community hubs for users to interact in and be up to date with different aspects of the game.

> | Name | Owner | Description |

Author: Just my opinion. Think having someone at the very least is going to be helpful. Both as to know who should be in charge of modifying and maintaining the description, as well as being someone to refer to if any user would want to ask a question about the server in specific. A more vanity perk of it is basically giving credit where credit is due for those currently upkeeping the community.

| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [osu!](https://discord.gg/ppy) | [peppy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2) | The **osu!** Discord server, previously known as **osu!dev**, is osu!'s official Discord server for development-related purposes. The server functions as a hub for people to discuss and work on osu!'s open source and community projects. This is the main place to contribute to osu!'s development and get in touch with the osu! team. |
| [Aiess Project](https://discord.gg/2XV5dcW) | [Naxess](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8129817) | The **Aiess Project** is in charge of maintaining and updating several feeds, informing users of the many different events that happen in osu! on a daily basis! Users can keep up with the latest qualified and soon-to-be ranked beatmaps, keep up with usergroup changes, and be up to date with the latest news posts. |

### Project Loved

> <!-- This section as a whole needs to be discussed. Last time someone suggested listing the Loved suite of servers in the Project Loved wiki article, not everyone was on board. Moreover, some of its members and pepy themselves are not really happy on how everything is split apart. Question is whether we want to promote these servers while they exist, or ignore them in favour of the #osu-loved channel in the dev server -->

Author: Will delete next commit and checkmark the respective box in the PR description.

> [Project Loved](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) organizes its workflows in different servers, divided by the ruleset which they specialize in. **The official development of the project is done in the osu! Discord server.** These hubs aim to facilitate the discussion of the mode's picks to be added. Non-game mode dependant discussions should always be carried out in `#osu-loved`, in the **osu!** Discord server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Project Loved](/wiki/Community/Project_Loved) organizes its workflows in different servers, divided by the [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) which they specialise in. These servers aim to facilitate the discussion of prospective picks for each mode. **The main development of the project is discussed in the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy).**
```
quicker to the point, and some terminology fix

| Name | Owner |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu! Project Loved](https://discord.gg/gn58Uk5sTE) | [Librarian](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10083084) |
| [osu!catch Project Loved](https://discord.gg/phgtyS4UCh) | [Wesley](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2407265) |
| [osu!mania Loved Community](https://discord.gg/Ededv7m) | [Paturages](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1375479) |

> | [Project Loved: Taiko](https://discord.gg/GhfjtZ6) | [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) |

Reviewer: sort by gamemode probably

Author: osu! -> mania -> taiko -> catch (Popularity)

or

catch -> mania -> osu! -> taiko (Alphabetic)

or

osu! -> taiko -> catch -> mania (Website icons)

Reviewer: osu taiko catch mania is what i meant by that

## Gameplay

These servers are focused on giving users a place to discuss osu!'s main attraction — the gameplay! They serve as hubs for players to interact with their daily gaming ventures in osu!.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [osu! University](https://discord.gg/QubdHdnBVg ) | [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207) | **osu! University** is a community Discord server with a focus on discussion about improvement, mainly in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode. It regularly hosts various events such as top player interviews, [tournaments](/wiki/Tournaments), and improvement-related studies, and is also well known for hosting paid coaching services. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [osu! University](https://discord.gg/QubdHdnBVg) | [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207) | **osu! University** is a community Discord server with a focus on discussion about improvement, mainly in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode. It regularly hosts various events such as top player interviews, [tournaments](/wiki/Tournaments), and improvement-related studies, and is also well known for hosting paid coaching services. |
```

> | [osu! University](https://discord.gg/QubdHdnBVg ) | [DigitalHypno](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4384207) | **osu! University** is a community Discord server with a focus on discussion about improvement, mainly in the [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!) game mode. It regularly hosts various events such as top player interviews, [tournaments](/wiki/Tournaments), and improvement-related studies, and is also well known for hosting paid coaching services. |

Reviewer: also I think the coaching part is gone?

Author: Removed.

> | [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/osumedalhunters) | [MegaMix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711) | **osu! Medal Hunters** is the main Discord server used by the medal hunting community, where people discuss [medals](/wiki/Medals) and [medal solutions](/wiki/Medals/Unlock_requirements). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [osu! Medal Hunters](https://discord.gg/osumedalhunters) | [MegaMix](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711) | **osu! Medal Hunters** hosts discussion about [medals](/wiki/Medals) and [medal solutions](/wiki/Medals/Unlock_requirements). |
```
while it isn't "written like an advertisement" like some others, I don't think wiki should be giving titles like "*the* main place" etc

## Development

These servers focus on providing and developing tools and systems for the game. While the official development of osu! is done in the official community Discord server, certain projects require their own workspaces before proposing and merging their work in game.

> **The following servers are not officially affiliated with the game.** To follow up with official updates, join the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) instead.

Reviewer: this should already be obvious at this point in the article. if it's not, then I think you need to clarify earlier that there's only *one* official server

Author: Refer to the first comment. We could make it its own category at the forefront. Should avoid the repetition.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [Performance Points](https://discord.gg/aqPCnXu) | - | - |
| [osu!catch dev server](https://discord.gg/YEJBENvFzN) | - | - |

> | [o!m SR/PP Rework Hub](https://discord.gg/GFCNNg8bwk) | [Quenlla](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4725379) | The **osu!mania SR/PP Rework Hub** aims to offer a place to discuss active developments from the community to improve the current difficulty systems used by osu!mania. Users can view and discuss the different ideas developed by their peers before they get officially proposed. |

Reviewer: this description seems identical to what the others would be, but just scoped to a game mode, so probably write it in a paragraph before the table?

Author: Wanted to outreach the rest beforehand, but sure it can be done (Makes things simpler as well)

## Mapping and Modding

> These servers aim to provide safe places for both mappers and modders alike. Users can expect to find a trove of both mapping and modding knowledge in these for their respective modes!

Reviewer: i kind of feel like this paragraph is saying nothing more than the header itself 
(and too advertisey)

Author: Will modify to be more descriptive and less advertisey

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [Mapset Management Server](https://discord.gg/TCDSjhb6yS) | [Kyuunex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9236044) | The **Mapset Management Server** is all about modding and collaboration. Whether you are looking for mods and GDs on your own maps, or other maps to mod and GD or collaborate, you're in the right place! |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Mapset Management Server](https://discord.gg/TCDSjhb6yS) | [Kyuunex](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9236044) | The **Mapset Management Server** hosts spaces to create and browse requests for [mods](/wiki/Modding), [guest difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty), and [collaborations](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_collaborations) in a casual environment. |
```
lessavertisey

| [Cozy Mappers' Café](https://discord.gg/uDjwjaZ) | [Teky](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10520912) | - |

> ### Hubs

Reviewer: as a precedence thing I'm thinking this section should go above the previous table, and then that table prefixed by `### Other` or something. the "hubs" seem like better initial recommendations to someone unfamiliar with any of these

> The **Modding & Mapping Hubs** are community Discord servers designated for all current and aspiring mappers and modders. Users are able to find many channels that help them grow as a mapper, or interact with the general mapping community. Each mode boasts of its own hub, and each one is ran by different community members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Modding & Mapping Hubs** are community Discord servers designed for all current and aspiring mappers and modders. Members are able to interact with the general mapping community and find resources that promote growth as a mapper and modder.
```
the last sentence seems unnecessary/obvious from the table

| Name | Owner |
| :-- | :-- |
| [osu!catch Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/ZuxFc4q) | [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) |
| [osu!taiko Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/yRjvvyZ) | [Hivie](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14102976) |

> | [osu!mania Modding & Mapping Hub](https://discord.gg/FqbDdYN) | [Maxus](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4335785) |

Reviewer: also gamemode sort

## Skinning

> (Better to ask Rock Roller on this. They'll probably do better than me)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These servers aim to provide safe places for skinners, no matter if they are design experts or brand-new to skinning. Users can expect to find a trove of knowledge in these and are able to ask for help here!
```

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [skinship](https://discord.gg/AZ79xJb) | - | - |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| [skinship](https://discord.skinship.xyz/) | [RockRoller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8388854) | **skinship** is a place to discuss anything involving skinning, while also hosting projects such as [Skinning Contests](/wiki/en/Contests/Skinning_Contest) and the [Completed Skins Compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/).  |
```

- This invite link is used in other articles and newspost
- Not sure how to word that request should *not* be send to me, but if possible to the [skinship bot account](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32231941) instead
- No clue what to put as the description really, but guess this is better than what we use on the discovery page for skinship (`all about osu! skinning`)

Author: We can add an addendum in the description to forward users to the bot account, while keeping the owner there if there are any inquiries about the server itself.

> These servers aim to provide safe places for skinners, no matter if they are design experts or brand-new to skinning. Users can expect to find a trove of knowledge in these and are able to ask for help here!

Reviewer: kinda same as mapping and modding paragraph

---
tags:
  - development
  - osu!dev
---

# Discord servers

> As the community grows and expands, several [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers have been made and maintained by the community to specialize in the game's many different facets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the community grows and expands, several [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers have been made and maintained by the community to specialise in the game's many different facets.
```

Author: English (Simplified) -> English (Traditional)

## Skinning

These servers aim to provide safe places for skinners, no matter if they are design experts or brand-new to skinning. Users can expect to find multiple [skinning](/wiki/Skinning) resources, as well as receiving help from other users interested in the matter.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| [skinship](https://discord.skinship.xyz/) | [RockRoller](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8388854) | **skinship** is a place to discuss anything involving skinning, while also hosting projects such as [Skinning Contests](/wiki/en/Contests/Skinning_Contest) and the [Completed Skins Compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/). Users can manage their skinning affairs by reaching out the [skinship bot account](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/32231941). |

## Storyboarding

These servers aim to provide users with resources to help them in their [storyboarding](/wiki/Storyboard) affairs. They are good starting points for beginners who will have an easier time easing themselves in the world of storyboarding while getting help from experienced users.

| Name | Owner | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | [osu! storyboarder banquet](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW) | - | The **osu! storyboarder banquet** serves as a place all about storyboarding. With the help of their [website](https://osb.moe/), this server aims to provide users with multiple learning resources and a regular showcase of community-made storyboards. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [osu! storyboarder banquet](https://discord.gg/B8NX7YW) | [Sidetail](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2036217) | The **osu! storyboarder banquet** serves as a place all about storyboarding. With the help of their [website](https://osb.moe/), this server aims to provide users with multiple learning resources and a regular showcase of community-made storyboards. |
```
